[MUSIC]
>> Jafar Husain: So now actually I think
this function is gonna, this test, this
problem is gonna pull all of the functions
we've learned today together I believe.
We're gonna return the video ID, title,
the middle interesting moment that's kind
of an interesting life so
every video has a list in Netflix.
Every video has a list of interesting
moments where you might wanna, we might
wanna display that screenshot when
you're just browsing through the videos.
And we might say,
that's interesting moment you know and
die hard where he's falling off the
building or something like that, right?
We pick interesting moment and
so everybody has an array of
these interesting moments.
So if we look at the type here, so
here's one single video, we see that
it's got ID, title and boxarts.
It's also about URL rating but it also has
another array on it, interestingMoment.
So we wanna pick out
the middle interesting moment.
The one in in the middle of the movie
right would pick out one of the beginning,
one of the middlemen of the end and
we also wanna pick the smallest box art.
That's how we're gonna
put all this together?
How many people finish
this question by the way?
It's all right and we judging it,
it's a hard one, not quite okay.
Let's take a look and
see if we can solve it together.
So we're gonna start out with
concatMap and movieList.
I'm gonna shorten this to
the use the new era function.
So for every movieList,
we're going to, and
I'm gonna start off by mapping
over the movieList here.
We're gonna get out a video, excuse me,
we're gonna get out a video and
now we've got a video, that's great.
So we've got this thing that's got
an array of interesting moments and
an array of bookmarks.
So, I guess I could do this,
I could start grabbing the bookmarks.
Let's buy ourselves a little room here
by making this a block function and
then we can put multiple lines in.
So, what if I collect up the bookmarks or
the middle interesting moment,
let's start with that one.
So, as you're trying to choose
you've only got five functions.
So, there's not that many possibilities
whenever you're trying to solve a problem
or sub problem like this, you have to ask
yourself what's the right function to use.
Anybody want to take a guess, you're
going to take these big problems and
break them up they might seem big but
you can break them up into small problems.
Anybody want to take a guess
as to what function I can use
to pull the middle interestingMoment
out of this little array on the video?
What function should I use?
>> Male Speaker 1: Filter.
>> Jafar Husain: Filter, right?
Because I've got a bunch of stuff
I'm only interested in one so
I'm gonna use the filter,
so let's try that.
>> Jafar Husain: Done-zo!
So that's one piece of
the sub problem solved,
what about let's tackle the the box arts.
So this is not this tiny
piece of the sub problem,
we already know how to solve this right.
What's the operator we're gonna use to get
the smallest operative word being smallest
box art from a collection of box art.
>> Female Speaker 1: Produce.
>> Jafar Husain: Produce, because in order
to see if something is
smaller than something else,
we need to look at two
values at the same time.
And reduce and
zip are the only operators that
accept a function which has two arguments,
so we're gonna have to use reduce.
>> Jafar Husain: So,
I have the smallestBoxArt so far, and
the current box art and we're going to use
that familiar pattern we've been using so.
>> Jafar Husain: So if the current one is
smaller, if the smallest one so
far is smaller than the current,
>> Jafar Husain: We'll return
the smallest,
otherwise we will return the current,
and that's all there is for reduce.
So now we've got a middle
interestingMoment, and
we've got the smallestBoxArt, right?
Now both of these, I want to pull I
want to point out that both of these,
what's the type of
middleInterestingMoment at this moment.
Can anybody tell me what that is?
The type of middleInterestingMoment.
>> Female Speaker 1: It's an array.
>> Jafar Husain: It's an array,
an array containing how many items?
>> Male Speaker 3: One, probably.
>> Jafar Husain: Over here I hear one,
two.
>> Male Speaker 1: One.
>> Jafar Husain: One, yeah and
smallestBoxArt is an array right because
that's what reduce returns in array.
How many items does it contain?
>> Male Speaker 4: One.
>> Jafar Husain: One, so
we actually have two arrays that or
both length one and what we want to do and
this is the challenging part.
We know that we need to have middle
interesting moment in smallest box are in
scope to return our value and
we need to have them in scope, right?
The problem is, we can't use the index
here zero to pull them both out right?
It's almost like we need both of
them in scope at the same time.
So there's two ways we can do this.
One is we can go on all right.
>> Jafar Husain: And now we've got
them both in scope at the same time,
that's one way to do it so.
>> Jafar Husain: And
now we actually have everything
in scope video, moment,
the smallest box art to create our result.
But that's a little bit weird because I
mean I could equally switch this around.
I could do smallest box art and
then middle interesting moment.
Usually we use map when you
need to do some operation
before some other operation.
Now we need to map over
all of the movie lists
before we can map over their
titles because we need to do that.
The one comes before
the other in the tree.
We need to first you know if you are using
a loop you would first need to loop over
all the movie lists.
And then within each movie
list loop over all the titles.
So there's an order dependency there,
we have to do one before the other.
But here, we actually just have both
of these in memory at the same time.
We don't need to go inside of the middle
interesting moments to get up the smallest
art, it's like we did with video lists and
videos.
So what we need is a function
that will bring both these values
in scope at the exact same time.
But doesn't make one dependent on
the other or anything like that and
map zip excuse me, is perfect for that.
With our zipping up a zipper with only one
tooth on each end like a zipper of one
tooth.
>> Jafar Husain: And now in here,
I have all the information I need.
So even though the map example
would have worked it's sub optimal.
It doesn't, it means arbitrary
if you pick one or the other.
This is actually more efficient as
well because we only do one loop.
>> Jafar Husain: So now I've got
a variable bound to be interesting moment
the smallest interest or the middle
interesting moment a variable bound to
the box are a variable bound to the video.
And I'm ready to create my
result which I believe is,
>> Jafar Husain: Was just interesting that
was at the, what do I have to grab here?
Middle interesting moment time I need to
get the time and the URL of the box art.
And I believe we have everything we need,
I wonder if that will run.
It's like I have a syntax error somewhere.
But rather than spend a lot of
time figuring out where that is
I'll actually I wanna be careful
here cuz we're not quite done.
So notice I've got contactMap and
I've got map and then within this,
I forgotten to return.
So within this, I've got another
array, so we've actually got at least
a three dimensional collection here.
Because inside of this map instead
of reduce here, or excuse me,
inside of this map I'm
returning another array, right?
And so we've gotta concatMap,
a map and then inside of here,
we're returning yet another array.
So we've got a three dimensional
collection, so we need two flattens.
So I'm gonna change this
map into a concatMap and
now we should flatten the whole thing
out but I'm probably still missing that.
I'll just show the answer.
>> Jafar Husain: So in this example
actually in line rather than this
first assigning the middle
interesting moment to a variable.
This is getting the non
interesting moment or
see me this is getting
the smallest box art.
And then grabbing the middle
interesting assigning them both
the variables I just in lined them
directly inside of the call to
zip.
>> Male Speaker 1: There's
a question about what is it we won
the morning to reduce its cool.
>> Jafar Husain: You want to keep warm
doing?
>> Male Speaker 1: What if you didn't want
to?
>> Male Speaker 3: Like,
the asynchronous is three or
four items that you need,
instead of just two.
>> Jafar Husain: Well,
so you can always use map to do that,
right?
But the point is, let's say I have
got two different async APIs, and
I can call them at the same time.
Then, zip is more appropriate,
because I don't have to call
one in order to call the other.
Right, it's when you have to call
one in order to get the other
that you would want to call map.
Cuz you map over the first, and somehow
using the data that comes out of that,
you acquire the ability to call
the second, that's where you need map or
you have an order dependency.
Just like I have to map over
the video lists before I can
map over each video inside,
that's when map's appropriate.
But I think they, they're actually
what the question was getting at is
what if you need 15-
>> Male Speaker 5: Yeah.
>> Jafar Husain: Or 12?
So the zip we've defined here works out
only two just to keep the implementation
simple, the zip that you're
going to use in our X and
when you can run right over
as well just accept end.
So you can specify as many arrays you
want and then the final function just
accept that many number of arguments,
to combine, so good question.